Easier way:

At the beginning of the script, create three variables that you can easily find to
 	change:
 		original value
 		original unit
 		unit to convert to

Read the conversionMeasures.csv file in as a list of lines using readlines().

Convert that list of lines to a list of lists:
	Example:
		[["pound", 453.6, "gram"], ["pound", 16, "ounce"], ["foot", 12, "inch"]]
	To do this, create an empty list.
	Loop through each line from the conversionMeasures list.
		Remove the new line character from the end of the line and split it on a comma.
		The split function creates a list. 
		Append the split list to the empty list you made.
		
Loop through your list. 
	Use an if statement to see if the original unit is in the first position.
	If it is, use another if statement to see if the unit to convert to is in the
		third position.
	If it is, grab the conversion factor from the second position and multiply it by
		the original value.
		
Write a print statement or two that will nicely display the results.




Harder way:

At the beginning of the script, create three variables that you can easily find to
 	change:
 		original value
 		original unit
 		unit to convert to

Read the conversionMeasures.csv file in as a list of lines

Create a dictionary of dictionaries:
	Each unit is a key in the outer dictionary.
	The inner dictionary has the other units as keys 
		and the conversion factor as values.
	Example:
		{"pound": {"gram": 453.6, "ounce": 16}, "foot": {"inch": 12, "centimeter": 30.48}}
 	
 	To do this, create an empty dictionary.
 	Loop through each line from the conversionMeasures list.
 	Remove the new line character from the end and split the line on commas.
 	Use an if statement to see if the first item in the line is already in the 
 		dictionary keys.
 	If it is in the dictionary already, add the new conversion.
 	If it is not in the dictionary, add it to the dictionary with an empty 
 		dictionary as the value, and then add the new conversion.
 
Write a line of code that correctly indexes the original unit and the
 	unit to convert to and returns the conversion factor.
Write a calculation that returns the conversion factor multiplied by the original value.

Write a print statement or two that will nicely display the results.

